If Brother Jack Were Here.
Two drummers they were seated In a grand hotel one day. While dining they were chatting In a joking sort of way. There came a pretty waitress To bring a tray of food.
They spoke to her familiarly in a manner rather rude. At first she did not notice or make a least reply. But one remark was made to her, brought teardrops to her eye.
She turned on her tormentors. Her cheeks were blushing red, Approaching as a picture And this is what she said, My mother was a lady And this you will allow,
You may have a sister who needs protection now.
I've come to this great city to find my brother dear.
You would dare insult me sir if brother Jack were here.
These two sat there in silence.
Their heads hung down with shame Forgive me, miss, we meant no harm Pray tell me what's your name? She told him and he cried aloud I know your brother too. We've been friends for many, many years And he often speaks of you
Come go with me when I go back, and if you'll only wish, I'll take you to him as my bride, for I love you since you said.
My mother was a lady, and this she would allow.
You may have a sister who needs protection now.